hey beautiful people my name is Brittany
and I'm Connor and today we're going to
be answering a question how often do we
have sex and maybe we can say like how
often do we engage in sex play because
I'm gonna just include like oral sex and
horse yeah there's lots of fun anything
sexy and fun fun play that we get into I
guess probably most of the time we end
up having intercourse but not all the
time I think five times a week yeah I
think five times a week yeah five times
in a seven-day week yeah two outstanding
features of people seeking advice and
people receiving advice on the Internet
in the 21st century the first is that
nobody really knows what kind of
credentials what kind of qualifications
what kind of experience they should be
looking for and when they seek out
advice they may not even consciously
give any thought to it
consider for example someone who goes
onto a discussion forum like Facebook or
reddit feeling upset about their own
relationship thinking they're going to
break up with their boyfriend they're
gonna break up with their girlfriend and
without really questioning anyone's
credentials or background they simply
look for the experiences of other people
who have been through a breakup other
people who are heartbroken they tell
their own story and ask for comments or
look at other people's stories that are
posting the Internet what do those
people know that you don't know what
kind of qualifications or experience do
they have to offer and how would you
verify that there's a couple who's least
well-known within veganism and perhaps
famous or infamous with in Chiang Mai
Thailand and the vegan scene there and
for several years now they've been
making videos giving advice to people on
their sex lives I mean it's a poorly
constructed sense I'm up for it
um I guess the easiest way to talk about
sexuality on the Internet is to disclaim
that you're not offering advice to
others that what you're saying
is not prescriptive merely descriptive
and that it's entirely anecdotal and
you're just examining your own heart
your own experiences in life good bad
indifferent but of course it's
inevitable that in general the most
popular the most powerful the most
influential channels are the ones that
do the opposite they're the channels
that either overtly or implicitly claim
to have some kind of special expertise
and that overtly or implicitly are often
our offering for you really prescriptive
forms of advice the fact that you've
been through heartbreak the fact that
your own relationship may have been a
disaster say does that qualify you to
help someone else with their heartbreak
with their breakup if you've been
through many breakups does that really
help you to give advice on someone
else's bad relationship or breakup
conversely what if you've never been
through a breakup what if you had a
series of really positive relationships
that ended on a really positive note is
your success in relationships puts you
in a good position to counsel people so
this becomes even more difficult for
people to talk about clearly when we
move past the broad question of
relationships or love and dating and
actually start talking about sex and
that's exactly where this couple has
managed to become famous this brings
back to the second point I started off
by saying there were two points here I
was gonna say that were strange and that
is how evasive and vague people get on
YouTube I think instinctually without
planning or scripting in advance they
suddenly become very vague and in fusca
Tory whenever they have to deal with
words that really would indicate one way
or another what their qualifications are
put it this way when they start to deal
with the difficult questions that some
people in the audience maybe 30% of the
audience maybe 50% you don't know that
some portion of the audience would
regard as qualifying them or disscourn
following them to give advice on
stop it a lot of people get the sense
when I share or when they see that I
have open undefined relationships that
I'm off having sexual connections with
lots of different people and while
sometimes I am having sexual connections
with many different people it's not the
only reason that I choose this it's an
important reason it's also not the only
reason some people find it surprising to
hear that I don't have intercourse with
a lot of people even like even if I'm
saying I have sexual connections a lot
of people doesn't mean I'm saying like
I'm having sexual intercourse with them
so so the sexual connection is
definitely a part of it the intimate
connections the emotional connections
the freedom to have whatever sort of
connection that I want to with somebody
that they also want to with me and for
us to really link up in those areas the
times that they're resonating with us
people sometimes ask me like who are you
attracted to what kind of like are you
attracted to males or you talk to just
females are you attracted to what kind
of people and the answer is I I'm
attracted to all humans that I feel
attracted to in those moments does it
mean that someone is highly qualified if
they've had many many partners if you've
met people who've done huge numbers
that's the parlance of our times doing
numbers you'll know they're people who
lead very peculiar lives by a very
peculiar set of rules the man I met who
had slept with the largest number of
women in his life as a whole one of the
crucial elements of his daily life was
lying when I knew him he was single he
had been married several times and after
I gotten to know him he confided in me
that in plain English he lied to all his
wives how did he say this
said he never lied to any of his wives
and his rationale was as follows
he claimed that while he was married he
never had an emotional relationship with
any other woman he had sex with
innumerable one behind his wife's backs
and lied to the woman he was sleeping
with and lighters what lied to everyone
lied to himself but from his perspective
he had never betrayed them never weapon
down and he wasn't lying when he told
them no there's nobody else in my life
the only person I love is you because
his reasoning was sex and emotional
relationships are two completely
different things and that he wasn't
betraying anyone he worked in hotels
during those years when he was Mary
worked in the tourism industry even if
you have a very humble job in the
tourism industry you tend to cross paths
with people who are trying to have a
good time in a short time you
disproportionately people who are
interested in a short term fling and
indeed that's part of the dynamic not
quite unique to Chiang Mai Thailand
Chiang Mai Thailand if you're hanging
out with tourists who were there that's
one of the social dynamics you're
encountering all the time now one of the
interesting fragments of the insell
discourse on human sexuality is also the
fact that most of the people who set
themselves up as authorities on dating
romance love human sexuality and
ultimately the act of sex itself they
claimed expertise just on the basis of
being able to seduce a large number of
partners how many partners have we
experienced Polly with or how many poly
relationships that we have I can think
about that on my own for a moment I keep
a list of such things I mean I don't
have a list of the partners but I do
like to keep a list of both of our
sexual interactions twelve you must have
more than three three year I mean I
don't necessarily consider all of my
sexual interactions partners okay that
makes sense yeah that's true there's
definitely a few in there that word
kind of like just kind of sexual
connections that's a good point I would
say that on average it's something like
three three a year maybe that have like
significance to the point of some form
of partnership that would qualify that
as yeah what about you
I think that's probably pretty similar
for me I think we tend to have about the
same amount new partners they claim
expertise just on the basis of being
able to seduce a large number of
partners and we all know that can
reflect things like just the shape of
your face how good-looking you happen to
be how you're perceived in the society
are born into indeed in almost every
society ethnicity wealth social class
your job those things will matter too
but above all else your appearance so
already here we have two factors that
would in many cases make someone's
advice or expertise irrelevant to you if
they were extraordinarily good-looking
are they really going to be able to give
good advice to someone who is of average
appearance or someone who's slightly
ugly or someone who maybe is really
extremely ugly would they be able to
really sympathize with understand and
give relevant relationship dating life
advice to someone who has very strong
disadvantages in exactly the areas that
they consider not just an advantage but
they consider as part of their
qualifications as some kind of sexual
expert and as I was alluding to with my
friend who had worked in hotels and
who'd slept with an unbelievable large
number of women there are moral aspects
yes generally it's women and not men who
are condemned for this but men are
condemned partially enough I suppose or
are you willing to lie to people are you
willing to sleep with people you don't
find attractive are you willing to
pretend you have things in common you
don't really have in common with them
how sincere and sincere are you how deep
or shallow are you and how moral or
immoral are you and yes there are many
different moral standards in different
societies and different individuals
subscribe to different world standards
but nevertheless ultimately there are
foggy night questions of how much
morality matters to you just as there
were questions of to what extent to
aesthetics matter to you that man I knew
who had done enormous numbers so for the
huge huge number of women he had slept
with a huge number of ugly women I met
women he had in the past seduced who to
me were strikingly ugly at the time we
parted way as we stopped being friends
just because of geography we stopped
living in the same city at the time we
parted ways the woman who was his
full-time live-in committed girlfriend
was so ugly I wouldn't have slept with
her if she paid me well in order to get
his numbers that high he both had to
lower his standards in terms of the
types of women he was pursuing and he
lowered obviously the standards he held
himself to in terms of moral conduct
integrity honesty consistency so on and
so forth so they sure clip of plate from
this couple who put themselves forward
onto the market and you know to some
extent I have to admire the audacity
they put themselves forward in the
market as offering advice on sex as
being the old-fashioned term sex berths
from my perspective this admission from
them that they have sex as a couple
fewer than five times a week I think
five times a week yeah yeah five times
in a seven-day week yeah they have five
engagements or forms of play a very
strange humanism so fewer than five
times a week they have penetrative sex
and they present themselves not merely
as competent authorities on this that
has sexual athletes as extraordinarily
accomplished extraordinarily potent
people who are not only extraordinarily
happy within their own relationship but
whoever lives with others polyamory open
relationships in service cetera
here's a rare example of me popping in
with the comments on take two and
editing this topic is not difficult for
me to be honest about
but it's difficult for me to talk about
without insulting other people so look
I've been trying to in a somewhat
philosophical way raise this question of
how do you think the numbers relate to
whether or not someone's in a position
to give this kind of advice I've already
said publicly on the Internet to use a
very different set of numbers I have
experience having sex more than 10 times
in a day and more importantly I have
experience giving women more than 104
gasm Sunday more than hundred female
orgasms not a hundred male orgasms I'd
like to think that's impossible and if
it's possible I'd only want to try it
but I have experience with high high
numbers and I can point to this and say
hey in some sense I'm good at sex
or and here's a caveat maybe I'm good at
finding people who are really compatible
with me who are partners who can reach
those kind of numbers who can have that
kind of experience when they're with me
see what a different way that is to
frame it but I'm not out here asking
people to pay $19.99 a month for my
advice I'm not deluding myself or others
that this would be a qualification to
give objectively useful advice to others
interesting isn't it would you value
their advice more if they did much much
higher numbers or like the people who
are extraordinarily good-looking would
that make their advice less applicable
to you do they really know what they're
talking about in pretending to know what
a good relationship is or even what good
sex is with this type of simple crucial
America love measure and why is it that
things get so vague and so spiritual
whenever the conversation does roll
around to the question of what their
relationships with others really are the
internet rewards dishonesty at both ends
of the equation it seems to sort of
reward the audience for their
self-deception and the hosts the person
behind the camera them
your phone for deceiving you there's a
kind of very strange dance of mutual
flattery where people only seek out
advice which is already the advice they
want to hear people who are heartbroken
go onto message forums Facebook reddit
and only want to hear things from other
heartbroken people that affirm their own
delusions of grandeur or their own
pathos what have you how is it that
learning is supposed to take place and
could it be that some of the people who
consider themselves experts
extraordinary athletes could it be that
they have more to learn from the
audience they presume to teach dad that
[Music]
five times a week